Haoran
I have no regrets
Silly girl, don't worry.
It will be fine.
Count the time they
Things are done as I said, young master
Yo, how can the richest man be down in a few days?
Who let you in?
Go away
Hey, you still think you are the richest man in the building
Tell me all your assets
Including this hotel
I take care of it now
Words of knowledge
Be honest
Luo Li, don't talk to them
Officially ask for money
Wordy, then let's talk about something not wordy
Do you bereaved dogs have money to live on?
Don't think you can live here for free
Pay if you have money, go out if you have no money
Bixin is resting
I have something to do now
Please give it to you later.
Hmph, what's our business if he rests?
Don't think he can eat and live for free if he is my sister
Besides, he's broke now
Premier Suite 30 people per night
You can afford it
If you have money, you can get out if you have no money.
Security guard
Get these two guys out of here
And throw their luggage at me